new field editors content (#41)
cardstack/cardstack-documentation: guides/card-sdk/schema.md

#### `editorComponent` and Field Editors

> Cardstack has some built-in content editing tools, almost like a WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get) editor for the content in your Cards. For example, this Card has a `title` with a type of `string`, so the right edge toolbar automatically includes a text input that someone could use to change the title of the article:

Author: ```suggestion
Cardstack has some built-in content editing tools, almost like a WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get) editor for the content in your Cards. For example, this Card has a `title` with a type of `string`, so the right edge toolbar automatically includes a text input for changing the title of the article:
```

(example)
